feat: Refactor Enable And Disable Module Commands (#1918)
kyma-project/cli: docs/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_add.md

## See also

* [kyma alpha](kyma_alpha.md)	 - Experimental commands

> * [kyma alpha add module](kyma_alpha_add_module.md)	 - Add a module in the cluster or in the given Kyma resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha add module](kyma_alpha_add_module.md)	 - Adds a module to the cluster or the given Kyma resource.
```
